mytaxi demo UX/Functional issues - 

Login Page -
1) Login button seems to be inactive, even after entering username and password.
2) No client side error is thrown, if any of the field i.e. username or password, is left blank.
3) Error message should be specific to username and password. (Login Failed displayed)
4) Show/hide password icon should be there, so that it becomes comfortable for user to know, what he/she is typing.
5) Login failed error is coming, that too is getting hidden behind soft keyboard.
6) On pressing the device back key, the app is not exiting(or closed), it remains on the login page only.
7) There should be back arrow key on the app only.
8) Once logged in, username should be saven in cookies, so on next login attempt, username should come prefilled.
9) Also "Remember Me" check box should be there, so that there is an option to save details of the user.
10) Forgot password functionality is not there, if user forgets his/her password, then is no option to recover.
11) Error handling not present on login screen, if no network is there in the device.

Search Page - 
1) In search field if we type "sa", then it autosuggests many options, now if I close the soft keyboard, it closes to autosuggestion as well. This should remain open, then only user can
see all options.
2) There should be some tooltip that gives information to user, what this screen is for, e.g - Search for drivers here
3) Autosuggestion opened should remain in open state, even if I get a call on phone or have to go to different app and come back to search page.
4) The GPS option in bottom is disabled.
5) Font size if users displayed in autosuggestion is quite big, should be same in which we are typing.
6) There is no clear button on the search field, if I have entered something wrong then there should be an option to remove it from that field only.
7) Search icon should come on the softkeyboard, whenever I start typing in the search field.
8) Soft keyboard is not getting removed, if clicked on hamburger icon of navigation drawer, post performing driver search.
9) On clicking the username post opening navigation drawer, user is not able to go on profile page, there is no such functionality.
10) Searched charater remain there only, if logged out and login again.

Driver Profile Page - 
1) Header section is showing white patch, that should be removed.
2) Address of driver is getting cropped when different driver profile visited multiple times, some dots are coming in 2nd line.